NEVER How to GT Frighten Fly
I can't live without you.
I'm the one who killed the Tengu's son, Nomasa Juro.
I'll die here no matter what happens.
You can stay here and be my bodyguard.
I know you're upset.
But if you find a man you like,
you'll stop it and live.
And you'll be fine.
I can't do that.
I'll die for Matsubou.
I'll die for you.
I can't live to enjoy anything.
If I die, I'll kill you and you'll be alone.
Can you do that?
I see.
I'm dead.
I don't care what you think.
It's a simple story.
Let's die together.
I'll die in the middle of the night.
I'll take out the Y-zashi and go to the back of the statue.
I'll write it.
Goodbye.
I'll be back.
People never die even if they try.
They never die.
One day theSmallหนruiops were killed.
I'll be killed.
I left a incentive for you.
I don't need an alternative in my life.
I'll wait for you two.
Please give me your hand.
Don't kill me.
As soon as he killed him and ran into the place of the head of the mountain,
the head of the mountain, Rokken,
ran away to Edo with the head of the mountain.
He went to Omiyama in the Chibu area.
Here he made a move.
In order to escape the head of the mountain,
he went to the Ushimatsu, which was captured, to be taken prisoner.
The Ushimatsu's loyal servant was also left alone,
and the emperor did not care about him.
Finally, the head of the mountain was captured and he was taken prisoner.